Hello everyone and welcome back after the first
stop in Milan for our journey
exploratory in NFC technology we
door to turin
today we know that a nfc smartphone can
be used to perform micro
payments without money transfer
physical in all authorized stores or for
buy a tram or ticket
meter or to download audio guides
directly on our smartphone
this and so much more accurate in
this particular connectivity is short
radius the mobile becomes in practice
a house with a badge
but today we are going to discover others
news we're going to find out how ours
NFC mobile can become a key
which opens many doors for example
squaring Strout
me in turin at the research center
Fiat Telecom Italia is carrying on
a trial that aimed at
change our relationship with the world
of the four wheels
which is great news for those like
me ca n't even find the keys to
bag
yes the first useful thing that it
smartphone to the author allows us to
to do is to open the door
of our car
just bring the smartphone closer to the
reader on the windshield and we come
immediately recognized throughout
security and we are therefore authorized to
then enter once on board we rest
the smartphone on the internal reader is the
instrument panel lights up to try
which is recognized and therefore we can
start the car but
fantastic
so you press my car without it
need to give me the keys certainly
because the keys are digital then
this simple application that will stay
form nfc phone can use it
smartphone in other person to access
my car or share mine
smart with people
the first door is good
right
it's a nice convenience especially for
who has to manage does so many go
I imagine undoubtedly a service that
can help many companies but think for
example a car sharing where there are
many users who have to share it
same vehicle and therefore management
physical keys can be a
problem
therefore in the future it will also be able to
door of my house with a nfc smartphone
yes with this technology the smartphone
can actually be used for
open many types of access ports such as
example at home court is appropriate a
condominium access to a private individual who
sports club office or business
another room of a hotel recognizing
with the safety ability every single one
user dependent but if they steal me I lose
the smartphone
no problem unlike this
would cause with traditional keys
indeed in this new scenario but
simple phone call or via the internet
I could block yours in real time
access credentials age 6 and later
are known
in short, the nfc technology means
a lot of life
the future is all in our hands